hey you guys hear me and Christine last
night no it's weird sander screaming
that's great dude nice i think from now
on I'm gonna hang a tie in my door
whenever I'm in there with the girl
really proud to be having sex aren't you
Rory yes I am now on if either of you to
see this red tie hanging on my door it
means I'm in there pleasuring a woman do
you have a pink tie for when you're in
there with a guy what no or did you have
a bowtie way in there with uh with a
child be disgusting you're gonna need a
brown tie for when you're in there with
a dog I've never not that kind of
fashion respect to tie shitheads well if
there's no tie on the door dogs that
mean you're jerking off doucher
ass
yeah what are you doing you see the tie
this is my room all right give us a
second then sorry baby he do does that
light yeah I have to use the bathroom
hmm I need to use the bathroom
number one or number two get out of
there all right yeah second give me that
I'm kidding me hello Brian what are you
doing I need to use the phone i'm
ordering food
alrighty nobles in the butter hey dose
the light